#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrbook
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Experts
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
CAD Experts
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In our mechanical review, we met with 3 experts to discuss our CAD models.
 The experts we met with were Greg Anderton, from John Deere, Brad Hodges,
 from Caterpillar, and Augusto Juarado, from John Deere.
 We had met with Augusto in our previous season, but met Greg and Brad this
 year.
 In our meeting with them, we learned how to strengthen the parts on our
 robot, simplify our designs, and refine our shooter.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Programming Experts 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During out code review we met with Chris Bollinger from HEBI robotics, Howard
 Cochran from Badger Technologies and, Chris Svec from iRobot.
 We had the pleasure of introducing them all to FIRST and we learned a numerous
 of skills including how to control components, present code for people
 to easily understand it, the different types of sensors for odometry and
 different control components.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
More experts 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Along with the experts already listed we also met with Adrienne Edgar from
 Nutanix a non-stem expert.
 She talked to use about team development, we got the chance to exposure
 her to First and reconnect as it was our second year working with her.
 Next we worked with Robert Couture a stem expert from 4th Vector Technologies.
 He talked to us about vision, we were also able to expose him to First
 and got him to sponsor our team for a second year in a row.
 Lastly we worked with Jordan Liggit from Google, he talked to us about
 git and the uses of it.
 Along with the rest we introduced him to first and reconnected with him.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
