#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrbook
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Team Summary
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Over the course of this FIRST season, we have learned a lot and improved
 many skills.
 This year, we used a tool called LyX to format our engineering notebook
 and give it a polished look.
 We created a cool custom website that we use to input our engineering notebook
 minutes! This year we upgraded the website to track our hours as well.
 We have done many outreach events despite having an online season.
 Some of the things we have done are mentored an FLL Team (Team #825 the
 Quidditching Quetzalcoatli), taught students basic FLL programming, and
 presented at the FLL kickoff.
 We have a youtube channel in which we create informative tutorials to assist
 FIRST teams.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Organization
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In our team, we have no defined roles because we want to give everyone the
 opportunity to explore the different aspects of FTC but a way we make sure
 to stay on task is our heads system.
 We have designated 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

heads
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 for the different aspects of FTC for ourtreach, engineering notebook, CAD
 and code.
 These heads make sure everything in their area is running well by creating
 and meeting deadlines.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Skill Increase
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a team, we have grown a lot and learned about many skills.
 During the offseason we have made a transition in software from OnShape
 to Fusion 360.
 Fusion 360 enables us to do more, and we have learned how to use it to
 strengthen our team.
 This year, 4 team members have joined our team, we have made sure that
 they understand how FTC works, and are able to take part in team discussions
 without any doubts.
 We have also learned how to use the REV Control hub, got a chance to program
 it, and use it in our robot.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
